Veredict: I really like the material this course presents but I dislike the way it is presented. All in all, recommended, but it would be so nice if it were better taught!

Cons: 
My main criticism is that there is nothing in the course particularly challenging or difficult, and yet, because no effort is made to explain the whys and wherefores of design decisions or provide useful analogies to Mathematics or other programming languages, the whole thing feels as arcane and dense as reaidng the Bible in Latin. Perhaps newer iterations of the course could do what so many other CS lecturers do: show code with bad design decisions or bad comments and then address the problems as a way to build understanding of why the system works the way it does. I felt recursive list functions were particularly badly taught compared to the Andy Balaam lectures on Youtube, although the course material does go significantly further than those classes.. In summary, the course often requires students make connections by themselves or rote learn the material. I feel if I had had less programming experience than I have I would have probably quit out of boredom.

Pros:
Having said that, I still feel Systematic Program Design is worthy of study, and, seeing as there are no other MOOCs that cover this area, being patient and watching a sped up version of this course is worth it. The material after week 7 is a lot better than the first half of the course. I had lots of aha moments while watching the course because the system has lots of great ideas for writing more easily readable and maintainable code. I also felt the example/test + template approach to writing functions as well as 'wishlists' and working backwards are very effective techniques for problem solving. The template approach seemed dumb at first but turned out to be a very good introduction to macros. I've already felt I write code differently, with more and better comments. Also before taking this course I rarely if ever wrote examples and tests for functions while now I do it very often. 
